Is the princess settled?
Settled down
He's talking to two nannies
What to say
His legendary experience in Yixiangyuan
Heartless thing
But smart
When you go to the brothel, you can get along like a duck to water
It seems that this king went to save him
It seems to disturb his good deeds.
Your Highness, can we talk?
Okay, don't make a bad face
I know you paid a lot to find me
Well, thanks.
You also know that thank you, my lord
I see you in there, beautiful women around your knees
He is enjoying
Of course.
That's not what I meant.
But how did you find me?
Who wants to sell me to a brothel?
Originally, this king never found a clue
Princess, he may have been sold to a brothel
So what's going on?
Our people found the princess' gesture on the black market
Under the melon
I found the person who sold the gesture.
That celebrity tooth
A building that specializes in abducting women into brothels
What about the person? Did you get it back?
Caught and on trial
But nothing yet
Save it for me now and go save the princess first
I see
If it weren't for this dumb man being greedy
I'm afraid you'll never know
I was sold to Qinglong
Did that person talk?
prince
What's wrong with being rash?
Human teeth recruited
It is said that it is supported by the head of the meeting